one data point that'll change how you do
b2b marketing
i own an ad agency called np digital we
have 700 plus employees globally and we
focus on helping companies grow their
traffic and their customer base from the
internet
now can you guess what the number one
channel that drives our customers
seriously let me know what you think
take a guess by leaving a comment below
with the answer
now if you guessed that it was seo or
paid ads or any form of marketing you're
wrong it's actually referrals a great
example of this is a client telling
other people about our company and our
services and how they're happy because
if their friends also own businesses and
their friends are looking for marketing
help they're usually like well if you
had good luck with this company let us
try it out as well
another way we get referrals is a lot of
our employees have come from other ad
agencies their experience their season
so a lot of times companies have worked
with them at previous companies and
they're like wait i love working with
chat where is he now oh he's at np
digital let me hit him up and see if mp
digital is a fit for us
in other words referrals is how we get
majority of our revenue
but that's not the data point that'll
change how you do marketing
now can you guess what our second most
popular channel is
i'll give you a hint it's a marketing
channel this time it's actually seo seo
drives over two million visitors a month
literally two plus million visitors a
month and it's a great long-term channel
that you should focus on even though it
takes a while
but that's not the data point either
this third one though
is
can you guess what the third most
popular channel is for my ad agency i'm
talking about the channel that is the
third most popular that drives new
customers revenue right not traffic
actual paying customers and this channel
works really well for both b2b and b2c
i'll give you a hint
it's not paid ads and it is a social
channel
it's actually youtube
youtube is the second most popular
search engine in the world according to
similar did you know
that people search for tips strategies
tactics and all things b2b and even b2c
related on youtube such as how to do seo
or how to put on makeup youtube
generates us over 640 000 views a month
if not up to a million on a good month
so with your b2b marketing add youtube
into the mix don't take it for granted
it works it's not that competitive
there's not as many people trying to
create content for youtube and i don't
know why because it's an amazing channel
plus once you create that content for
youtube you can also put on facebook
linkedin twitter instagram tick tock you
can literally repurpose it and put it
everywhere which drives even more
revenue and we see revenue from facebook
instagram
youtube linkedin all the social channels
in essence but people some reason don't
really care to create video based
content when it works extremely well for
both b2b and even b2c if you need help
with your social media marketing check
out my ad agency np digital where we
also help companies with their youtube
seo and if you have any questions leave
a comment below i'm here to answer them
and help you out i hope you enjoyed this
video like it share it tell the people
about it and have a wonderful day